# Page Form Sections

[More Data to Be Added]

## Page Form Sections

Content can be added to pages under different Honey Form Sections. When building a theme page, the theme page sections can be defined using [page tags](https://www.notion.so/Honey-Page-Tags-72ba38694e644326abe971bac1e98b58). 

When setting up page sections into which form components can be added by the user building a form, a few points must be kept in mind:

- You must define the form sections in the database on the Theme Page record in the sublist to add page sections.
- The unique code used to identify the section in the database must match the code used to indicate that section on the page with the tag.
- The Honey Forms bundle will add `<form>` tags around the section and add the unique code as an identifier for that form. Make sure that the form section is not already enclosed in form tags on the template page. In general `<form>` tags should not be added to the template page HTML directly.
- All of the section page tags *must* be inside the overall `hny-app` Div tag. If page sections are added outside of the main `hny-app` tag there is no guarantee that components will render correctly.
- All of the form elements generated by the Honey Forms bundle will have the class `hnyForm` included in their class attribute.
- The default submit behavior for these forms will be overridden by the client side scripts.

## Form Submits

Although the data may be organized into separate sections on the form, it is currently submitted back to the server across all sections at once. This is because all sections have a shared data model for the record loaded to the overall form being viewed. When the page is submitted, the updated fields for the record are sent back to the server independent of which section of the page (thus which `<form>` tag on the page) they are within.